Docs/update sprout readme (#474)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: README.md

# Seedcase Sprout: Grow your data in a structured and healthy way

Sprout is a component of the Seedcase ecosystem that aims to take data created or collected for research studies and "grow" it in a structured way using modern best practices for storing data.

> Sprout is the backbone of the Seedcase family, this is where data is uploaded, described and stored based on a relational database design. Sprout is also the application which contains the user administration part of Seedcase (although this may change at a later date) sitting it its own set of tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sprout is the backbone of the Seedcase family, this is where data is uploaded, described and stored based on a relational database design. Sprout is also the application which contains the user administration part of Seedcase (although this may change at a later date).
```

> Seedcase Sprout is designed to receive data files and guide the user through adding meta data to the research data that the user of Seedcase would like to store in a responsible way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seedcase Sprout is designed to receive data files and guide the user through adding metadata to the research data that the user of Seedcase would like to store in a responsible way.
```

> Check out our [app](https://seedcase-sprout.fly.dev/) where you can upload a csv file with data and experience how to add metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out a [demo](https://seedcase-sprout.fly.dev/) of Sprout, where you can upload a csv file with data and experience how to add metadata.
```
